{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2757
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier-Oblique;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red195\green123\blue90;\red23\green23\blue26;\red174\green176\blue183;
\red164\green160\blue78;\red71\green149\blue242;\red185\green101\blue173;\red89\green158\blue96;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c76471\c48235\c35294;\csgenericrgb\c9020\c9020\c10196;\csgenericrgb\c68235\c69020\c71765;
\csgenericrgb\c64314\c62745\c30588;\csgenericrgb\c27843\c58431\c94902;\csgenericrgb\c72549\c39608\c67843;\csgenericrgb\c34902\c61961\c37647;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf2 \cb3 package \cf4 com.example.ifecycle\
\
\cf2 import \cf4 android.os.Bundle\
\cf2 import \cf4 android.widget.Toast\
\cf2 import \cf4 androidx.activity.ComponentActivity\
\cf2 import \cf4 androidx.activity.compose.setContent\
\cf2 import \cf4 androidx.activity.enableEdgeToEdge\
\cf2 import \cf4 androidx.compose.foundation.layout.fillMaxSize\
\cf2 import \cf4 androidx.compose.foundation.layout.padding\
\cf2 import \cf4 androidx.compose.material3.Scaffold\
\cf2 import \cf4 androidx.compose.material3.Text\
\cf2 import \cf4 androidx.compose.runtime.\cf5 Composable\
\cf2 import \cf4 androidx.compose.ui.Modifier\
\cf2 import \cf4 androidx.compose.ui.tooling.preview.\cf5 Preview\
\
\cf2 class \cf4 MainActivity : ComponentActivity() \{\
    \cf2 override fun \cf6 onCreate\cf4 (savedInstanceState: Bundle?) \{\
        \cf2 super\cf4 .onCreate(savedInstanceState)\
        setContentView(R.layout.
\f1\i \cf7 activity_main
\f0\i0 \cf4 )\
        Toast.makeText(\cf2 this\cf4 , \cf8 "onCreate is Called"\cf4 , Toast.
\f1\i \cf7 LENGTH_LONG
\f0\i0 \cf4 ).show()\
    \}\
\
    \cf2 override fun \cf6 onRestart\cf4 () \{\
        \cf2 super\cf4 .onRestart()\
        Toast.makeText(\cf2 this\cf4 ,\cf8 "onRestart() method is called"\cf4 ,Toast.
\f1\i \cf7 LENGTH_LONG
\f0\i0 \cf4 ).show()\
    \}\
\
    \cf2 override fun \cf6 onResume\cf4 () \{\
        \cf2 super\cf4 .onResume()\
        Toast.makeText(\cf2 this\cf4 ,\cf8 "onResume() method is called"\cf4 ,Toast.
\f1\i \cf7 LENGTH_LONG
\f0\i0 \cf4 ).show()\
    \}\
    \cf2 override fun \cf6 onStop\cf4 () \{\
        \cf2 super\cf4 .onStop()\
        Toast.makeText(\cf2 this\cf4 ,\cf8 "onStop() method is called"\cf4 ,Toast.
\f1\i \cf7 LENGTH_LONG
\f0\i0 \cf4 ).show()\
    \}\
\
    \cf2 override fun \cf6 onStart\cf4 () \{\
        \cf2 super\cf4 .onStart()\
        Toast.makeText(\cf2 this\cf4 ,\cf8 "onStart() method is called"\cf4 ,Toast.
\f1\i \cf7 LENGTH_LONG
\f0\i0 \cf4 ).show()\
    \}\
\
    \cf2 override fun \cf6 onPause\cf4 () \{\
        \cf2 super\cf4 .onPause()\
        Toast.makeText(\cf2 this\cf4 ,\cf8 "onPause() method is called"\cf4 ,Toast.
\f1\i \cf7 LENGTH_LONG
\f0\i0 \cf4 ).show()\
    \}\
\
    \cf2 override fun \cf6 onDestroy\cf4 () \{\
        \cf2 super\cf4 .onDestroy()\
        Toast.makeText(\cf2 this\cf4 ,\cf8 "onDestroy() method is called"\cf4 ,Toast.
\f1\i \cf7 LENGTH_LONG
\f0\i0 \cf4 ).show()\
    \}\
\}\
}