{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2757
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier-Oblique;\f2\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier-Bold;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red195\green123\blue90;\red23\green23\blue26;\red174\green176\blue183;
\red164\green160\blue78;\red71\green149\blue242;\red72\green151\blue245;\red91\green166\blue119;\red73\green181\blue204;
\red89\green158\blue96;\red185\green101\blue173;\red38\green157\blue169;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c76471\c48235\c35294;\csgenericrgb\c9020\c9020\c10196;\csgenericrgb\c68235\c69020\c71765;
\csgenericrgb\c64314\c62745\c30588;\csgenericrgb\c27843\c58431\c94902;\csgenericrgb\c28235\c59216\c96078;\csgenericrgb\c35686\c65098\c46667;\csgenericrgb\c28627\c70980\c80000;
\csgenericrgb\c34902\c61961\c37647;\csgenericrgb\c72549\c39608\c67843;\csgenericrgb\c14902\c61569\c66275;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf2 \cb3 package \cf4 com.example.myapplication21\
\
\cf2 import \cf4 android.os.Bundle\
\cf2 import \cf4 android.widget.Space\
\cf2 import \cf4 androidx.activity.ComponentActivity\
\cf2 import \cf4 androidx.activity.compose.setContent\
\cf2 import \cf4 androidx.activity.enableEdgeToEdge\
\cf2 import \cf4 androidx.compose.foundation.layout.Arrangement\
\cf2 import \cf4 androidx.compose.foundation.layout.Column\
\cf2 import \cf4 androidx.compose.foundation.layout.Spacer\
\cf2 import \cf4 androidx.compose.foundation.layout.fillMaxSize\
\cf2 import \cf4 androidx.compose.foundation.layout.height\
\cf2 import \cf4 androidx.compose.foundation.layout.padding\
\cf2 import \cf4 androidx.compose.material3.Button\
\cf2 import \cf4 androidx.compose.material3.Scaffold\
\cf2 import \cf4 androidx.compose.material3.Text\
\cf2 import \cf4 androidx.compose.runtime.\cf5 Composable\
\cf2 import \cf4 androidx.compose.ui.Alignment\
\cf2 import \cf4 androidx.compose.ui.Modifier\
\cf2 import \cf4 androidx.compose.ui.tooling.preview.\cf5 Preview\
\cf2 import \cf4 androidx.compose.ui.unit.dp\
\cf2 import \cf4 androidx.compose.ui.unit.sp\
\cf2 import \cf4 androidx.navigation.NavController\
\cf2 import \cf4 androidx.navigation.compose.NavHost\
\cf2 import \cf4 androidx.navigation.compose.composable\
\cf2 import \cf4 androidx.navigation.compose.rememberNavController\
\
\cf2 class \cf4 MainActivity : ComponentActivity() \{\
    \cf2 override fun \cf6 onCreate\cf4 (savedInstanceState: Bundle?) \{\
        \cf2 super\cf4 .onCreate(savedInstanceState)\
        
\f1\i \cf7 enableEdgeToEdge
\f0\i0 \cf4 ()\
        
\f1\i \cf7 setContent 
\f2\i0\b \cf4 \{\
            
\f0\b0 \cf2 val \cf4 navController = \cf8 rememberNavController\cf4 ()\
            \cf8 NavHost\cf4 (\cf9 navController = \cf4 navController, \cf9 startDestination = \cf10 "Fragment1" \cf4 )
\f2\b \{\
                
\f1\i\b0 \cf7 composable
\f0\i0 \cf4 (\cf10 "Fragment1"\cf4 ) 
\f2\b \{ 
\f0\b0 \cf8 Fragment1\cf4 (navController) 
\f2\b \}\
                
\f1\i\b0 \cf7 composable
\f0\i0 \cf4 (\cf10 "Fragment2"\cf4 ) 
\f2\b \{ 
\f0\b0 \cf8 Fragment2\cf4 (navController) 
\f2\b \}\
            \}\
        \}\
    
\f0\b0 \}\
\}\
\
\cf5 @Composable\
\cf2 fun \cf6 Fragment1\cf4 (navController: NavController)\{\
    \cf8 Column\cf4 (\cf9 modifier = \cf4 Modifier.
\f1\i \cf7 fillMaxSize
\f0\i0 \cf4 (), \cf9 verticalArrangement = \cf4 Arrangement.\cf11 Center\cf4 , \cf9 horizontalAlignment = \cf4 Alignment.\cf11 CenterHorizontally\cf4 ) 
\f2\b \{\
        
\f0\b0 \cf8 Text\cf4 (\cf9 text = \cf10 "Fragment1"\cf4 ,\cf9 fontSize = \cf12 45\cf4 .
\f1\i \cf11 sp
\f0\i0 \cf4 )\
        \cf8 Spacer\cf4 (\cf9 modifier = \cf4 Modifier.
\f1\i \cf7 height
\f0\i0 \cf4 (\cf12 16\cf4 .
\f1\i \cf11 dp
\f0\i0 \cf4 ))\
        \cf8 Button\cf4 (\cf9 onClick = 
\f2\b \cf4 \{ 
\f0\b0 navController.navigate(\cf10 "Fragment2"\cf4 ) 
\f2\b \}
\f0\b0 ) 
\f2\b \{\
            
\f0\b0 \cf8 Text\cf4 (\cf9 text = \cf10 "Fragment2"\cf4 )\
        
\f2\b \}\
    \}\

\f0\b0 \}\
\
\cf5 @Composable\
\cf2 fun \cf6 Fragment2\cf4 (navController: NavController)\{\
    \cf8 Column\cf4 (\cf9 modifier = \cf4 Modifier.
\f1\i \cf7 fillMaxSize
\f0\i0 \cf4 (), \cf9 verticalArrangement = \cf4 Arrangement.\cf11 Center\cf4 , \cf9 horizontalAlignment = \cf4 Alignment.\cf11 CenterHorizontally\cf4 ) 
\f2\b \{\
        
\f0\b0 \cf8 Text\cf4 (\cf9 text = \cf10 "Fragment2"\cf4 ,\cf9 fontSize = \cf12 45\cf4 .
\f1\i \cf11 sp
\f0\i0 \cf4 )\
        \cf8 Spacer\cf4 (\cf9 modifier = \cf4 Modifier.
\f1\i \cf7 height
\f0\i0 \cf4 (\cf12 16\cf4 .
\f1\i \cf11 dp
\f0\i0 \cf4 ))\
        \cf8 Button\cf4 (\cf9 onClick = 
\f2\b \cf4 \{ 
\f0\b0 navController.navigateUp() 
\f2\b \}
\f0\b0 ) 
\f2\b \{\
            
\f0\b0 \cf8 Text\cf4 (\cf9 text = \cf10 "Fragment1"\cf4 )\
        
\f2\b \}\
    \}\

\f0\b0 \}\
}